# BankSystem
In  this  application,  you  require  implementing  two  C  programs,  namely  Client  and  Bank  Server,  and  they communicate with each other based on TCP sockets. The goal is to implement a simple Banking System.Initially, the client will connect to the bank server using the server’s TCP port already known to the client. After successful connection,  the  client  sends  a  Login  Message  (containing  the Username  and  password)  to the  bank server.  The client side,  we  can  have  three  different  types of user modesnamely,  Bank_Customer,  Bank_Admin and  Police.  The  bank  server  has  the  following  files  with  him:  Login_file  (contains  the  login  entries,  assume limited number of static entries only), Customer_Account_files (Assume the bank has 10 Bank_Customers only and   one   file   for   each   customer,   which   maintains   the   transaction   history.   Refer   to   Login_file   and Customer_Account_files formats for more details). Once the Bank server receives the login request, it validates the information and performs the functionalities according to the user mode type. The system must provide the following functionalities to the following users:
* Bank_Customer:The customer  should  able  to see AVAILABLE  BALANCE  in his/her  account  and  MINI STATEMENT of his/her account.
* Bank_Admin:The  admin  should  be  able  to  CREDIT/DEBIT  the  certain  amount  of  money  from  any Bank_Customer ACCOUNT (as we do it in a SBI single window counter.). The admin must update the respective “Customer_Account_file” by appending the new information. Handel the Customer account balance underflow cases carefully.
* Police: The  police  should  only  be  able  to  see  the  available  balance  of  all  customers.  He  is  allowed  to view any Customers MINI STATEMENT by quoting the Customer _ID (i.e. User_ID with user_type as ‘C’).
* Login_file entryformat:User_IDPasswordUser_Type (C/A/P)
* Customer _Account_files entry format:Transaction_DateTransaction Type (Credit/Debit)Available Account_Balance
* Implement the functionalities using proper REQUEST and RESPONSE Message formats. After each negotiation phase, the TCP connection on both sides should be closed gracefully releasing the socket resource. You should accept  the  IP  Address  and  Port  number  from  the  command  line  (Don't  use  a  hard-coded  port  number). 
* Prototype for command line is as follows:Prototypes for Client and Server Client: <executable code><Server IP Address><Server Port number>Server: <executable code><Server Port number>
